# Clean SEO URL

* Current Version: 2.0.3
* Last Updated: 09 December 2017
* License: [Commercial License][1]
* Compatibility: OpenCart 1.5.1.x, 1.5.2.x, 1.5.3.x, 1.5.4.x, 1.5.5.x, 1.5.6.x, 2.x, 3.x


[1]: https://www.marketinsg.com/usage-license

## Description

Clean SEO URL beautifies your URLs on OpenCart. Say goodbye to the long index.php?route=xxx/yyy on your website that OpenCart doesn’t handle.

Examples:

* Changes the long URLs such as “website.com/index.php?route=xxx/yyy” to “website.com/xxx/yyy” and makes them SEO friendly
* Categories, information pages, products and manufacturer pages will continue using the SEO keyword field


## Features

* SEO friendly URL site wide for pages that does not have OpenCart’s SEO URL feature

## Installation

### OpenCart Cloud

1. Purchase the extension from your administration panel.
2. Proceed to `Extensions >> Extensions` and select `Modules`. Then, install `Clean SEO URL`. Configure extension accordingly.
3. Proceed to `Extensions >> Modifications` and click the blue refresh button.
4. Turn on SEO URL in Admin >> System >> Settings >> Server tab if you have not.
5. Your URLs should now be displayed in a SEO friendly manner.

### OpenCart 2 & 3

1. Go to `Admin >> Extensions >> Installer` to upload the extension zip file.
2. Proceed to `Extensions >> Extensions` and select `Modules`. Then, install `Clean SEO URL`. Configure extension accordingly.
3. Proceed to `Extensions >> Modifications` and click the blue refresh button.
4. Turn on SEO URL in Admin >> System >> Settings >> Server tab if you have not.
5. Rename OpenCart’s default .htaccess.txt file to .htaccess if you have yet to.
6. Your URLs should now be displayed in a SEO friendly manner.

### OpenCart 1.5

1. Unzip the files. Ensure that vQmod has been installed.
2. Upload the files WITHIN the upload folder to your OpenCart installation folder with a FTP client. The folders should merge.
3. In your admin panel, proceed to `Extensions >> Modules`. Then, install `Clean SEO URL`. Configure extension accordingly.
4. Turn on SEO URL in Admin >> System >> Settings >> Server tab if you have not.
5. Rename OpenCart’s default .htaccess.txt file to .htaccess if you have yet to.
6. Your URLs should now be displayed in a SEO friendly manner.

## Configurations

### OpenCart 1.5, 2, 3 & Cloud

There are no configurations required for Clean SEO URL. Please remember to turn on your SEO URL function in `Admin >> System >> Settings`.

For categories, information, products and manufacturer pages, you will need to add your own SEO keyword. It is not generated by this extension. Our [SEO Pack][1] extension handles auto generation of SEO keyword instead.

[1]: https://www.marketinsg.com/seo-pack

## Change Log

### Version 2.0.3 (09/12/2017)
* Fixed issue with OpenCart 2.0 to 2.2 releases
### Version 2.0.2 (24/06/2017)
* Completed full integration with OCMod for OpenCart 2 and 3
### Version 2.0.1 (08/06/2017)
* Ceased support for OpenCart 1.5
* Added administration interface to control module status (OC 2)
* Integration with OCMod (OC 2)
* Integrated to work with OpenCart installer (OC 2)
### Version 2.0.0 (29/05/2017)
* Fixed compatibility with OpenCart 3.0.0.0
* Added administration interface to control module status (OC 3)
* Integration with OCMod (OC 3)
* Integrated to work with OpenCart installer (OC 3)
### Version 1.1.3 (08/07/2016)
* Fixed compatibility with OpenCart 2.3.0.0
### Version 1.1.2 (15/03/2016)
* Fixed issue with vqmod search not found in OpenCart 2.2.0.0
### Version 1.1.1 (08/03/2016)
* Fixed compatibility with OpenCart 2.2.0.0
### Version 1.1.0 (18/06/2015)
* Added admin panel interface